hello it's Ruby and today I decided to
film a quite different video but one
which I hope will in some way be helpful
nonetheless I've just realised in my
wardrobe doors open so let's just
quickly close that today it is Friday
the 23rd of November I am not feeling
very motivated at all everyone has those
days where they just don't really feel
motivated and I'm having one of those
morning's so I did actually wake up
early this morning I woke up at 5 and I
got up and I thought you know the night
before I was thinking tomorrow's gonna
be so productive I'm not sure if it's
because I went to bed a bit too late
last night and then I still woke up at
5:00 maybe I'm just tired but I'm not
really feeling motivated and I've
written a to-do list and I'm just not
excited to get it started with my day
and get started with work so it's
currently 8 o'clock so I've been up for
three hours and I've literally done
nothing well that's a lie I added a
video and I loaded it and I responded
citizen comments and I also did a lot of
research into Titanic because I
rewatched the film over the last few
days and so I was just interested to
learn more about the ship so I was
reading through some documents looking
at you know some diagrams of the ship
looking into museums and things see how
I did that
but that's nothing to do with my course
or anything and I realized that the way
I'm saying this it sounds like I've been
productive but I actually have not been
even when I was reading it was just
quite stunted because the issue is is
that it's procrastination and maybe it's
semi productive a procrastination but I
think that productivity is based a lot
on how you feel so I will not say that
I've been productive if I haven't felt
productive so it's something which is
very personal to you and sometimes you
might not even get loads and loads done
but I think a part of being productive
is making sure friend just God is making
sure that you actually appreciate the
time that you're spending because it's
not gonna be productive time if you're
not enjoying it and if you feel like
you're waste
in time so that's how I view product
productivity myself if I didn't view it
that way I don't think I could be
productive a lot of the time okay so
today I'm using this daily journal which
is from Urban Outfitters Thank You Molly
and I've written out a plan for today
I've literally done one thing on this
list basically I've decided that today
I'm going to vlog because I want you to
know that everyone has days but they
don't feel productive and I'm gonna try
my best to get motivated because I think
it's it's not impossible to that
motivated a lot of people I think it's
possible for us to just switch it on and
really strive to be motivated and thence
to be productive and since I'm not
feeling motivated at the moment I want
to give you a real-life example because
I haven't I don't log on days where I
don't feel motivated but this morning
I've just woken up and I just don't know
I'm not feeling it this morning I'm
gonna read you my to-do list written
using this pen which was sent to me by
Paper Chase
it's the unipolar pen and it's really
really nice
I want to write up some so I've got
these notes from my work from a workshop
for theology and I want to write them up
in neat so that's on the queer Jesus
then I want or I've actually done that
fine texts to read about Berkeley and I
have actually done some research into
that so I can take that that's a very
small task I want to summarize all of
the philosophers that we've done so far
in knowledge and reality and just make
sure I understand it then I want to
upload lookbook which I've done as well
oh go over refresh myself on the first
week of readings I have the Bible past
and present and then I want to add
comments using these readings into this
250 word wiki that we've got to do as a
final assessment then I want to research
the Bible in the news I want to schedule
a study with me which is going up
tomorrow as I'm filming this but which
will probably be a week ago by the time
this goes up and I want to write some of
my books so I haven't been massively
ambitious I think it's important to not
be too ambitious when
you don't feel that motivated because
otherwise it's gonna just seem to go so
far in the future and you're not gonna
be able to concentrate you're gonna be
thinking ah this is useless I'm not
really enjoying what I'm doing so my
plan is to try and get the work that
I've got to do done and then I think I'm
just gonna focus on writing my book and
also reading I'm reading the girl who
saved the king of Sweden at the moment
which is by Jonas Jonasson and I saw
sick yesterday and I'm currently on page
96 so getting there but it's about 400
pages so I've got quite a quite a long
way to go if I can try and get
everything done quite quickly then I can
focus on that at the same time I feel
like I should do other work if I fir
there but I didn't have a very
productive day yesterday either because
I'm not sure this is a good thing or a
bad thing and sorry this is really long
this vlog is gonna be so long I really
don't know if this is a good thing or a
bad thing
I'm writing it to do list in the morning
and then I'm trying to start work at
about 5:00 or 5:30 or 6:00 and so I end
up finishing my work at about 11:00 and
then I've got nothing else to do and I
don't know what to do so I just read and
I just do stuff for YouTube and I see
friends and things and so I'm not doing
as much work as I should be doing
because ideally I think I meant to be
doing eight hours a day um but I just
can't find enough stuff to do and I know
that sounds really silly but I'm doing
quite a bit of extra reading I don't
know maybe it's just because I'm working
quite quickly I don't know it just
doesn't feel like I'm working for as
long as I should be doing work because
I'm finishing at about eleven but I'm
gonna say a few things you can do to get
motivated number one I'm going to do a
little bit of exercise because it just
gets your body working your brain
working your brain active sometimes this
makes me more motivated to work
I'm actually already feeling much better
last sluggish more ready to crack on
with walks but I'm going to continue
going through the second thing I'd like
to do is clean or organize something
because it's a very simple thing to do
and it isn't very taxing and it doesn't
take very long you know an hour of your
time when you could be working it's just
something that might take 3-4 minutes
and you get something done and then
you're thinking oh yeah I'm I'm on this
you know I can I can get more done so
number two is cleaning so I'm going to
heal my room because I she doesn't need
a heater as well I literally only took
me five minutes and now I feel like I've
actually got something important done
today it's getting light now I like to
start with working when it's dark so
that feels like you've got more done but
never mind it's only 8:30 the next thing
number three is to listen to some music
and literally just get really into it
and maybe do a little dance around your
room or something I've actually always
done this I just never said that like
dads it's embarrassing I have a
feel-good playlist where I just I put my
few good songs say things like hey that
Delilah and then I listen to those most
at the time but because it's Christmas
now I'm listening to my Christmas
playlist instead for example I mean I
like musicals so a lot of the time I
listen to the musical soundtracks too so
there's someone I'm gonna put on now
this is actually a really good song it's
almost Christmas from a little princess
the musical
[Music]
well alternately you can go classic I'm
gonna tell you my favorite Christmas
songs so I mean I listen to a lot of
Christmas classical music so I love the
pool card all sacred I think it's good
sacred Christmas album that's really
really good and I love the home alone
soundtrack to that really good to study
too and I also love listening to him
sometimes at least I'd be like
Emmanuelle I love we three kings I love
what's the other one I saw three ships I
love
I saw three ships but my favorite
Christmas songs you know the upbeat ones
I this is the first time literally I've
never actually really liked this one but
I this year I've been really liking
Christmas lights by Coldplay
I love 2,000 miles I love a spaceman
came traveling I love step into
Christmas and I love do they know it's
Christmas time and of course I love all
the Polar Express ones too so seeing is
believing is so good to study too if you
are looking for good Christmas song to
study to you say I'm gonna get classic
and put on step into Christmas by Elton
John and then I'd like to get started
with a very light task just to get
started with my studying because then I
can continue to listen to the songs that
I'm listening to um whilst I start that
task and it just means that it sustained
so you actually have that transition
period so instead of just all the song
ends now I'm gonna work you start
working and you're it's still in that
Christmas spirit when you're studying
and so then that happiness and the joy
kind of sustains itself even when the
songs finished and you maybe switch over
to classical but I would I wouldn't
recommend I mean I know because I like
to study in silence a lot at the time if
I'm gonna use this method I don't just
switch off the song I switch to
classical music
just trust me but if when the song ends
you just there's more of an empty
feeling but if you have another
Christmas song or another piece of
classical music to sustain you then it's
usually a lot better
I recommend the peaceful pianos playlist
on Spotify
[Music]
Thank You Paperchase for these
okay so I have just finished writing up
these notes and now I am going to get
started on summarizing philosophers I'm
still not feeling 100% motivated but I
was feeling good when I was doing the
task and it's only now I finished I'm
thinking oh do I want to continue but I
will continue because the strict the
trick to staying productive and the
trick to getting motivated is just to
push through so even if you don't feel
like it at the moment just try and keep
on going for just a little while longer
so try the Pomodoro method so I'm just
gonna use for us to do this and I'm just
gonna set a timer for thirty minutes and
then I'll just work for thirty minutes
and I'll just see how much I can get
done
[Music]
okay so it's currently 9:45 and I've
just finished doing some summary work of
the Philosopher's just to see the bits
that I need to brush up on and now I am
going to make a list and lots of people
do say making lists isn't productive you
know you're it's just a form of
procrastination and maybe that's the
case but I find that actually really
does lend itself to productivity because
I always feel so much more motivated
when I've made a list and it makes it
easier when you're actually karma later
if you're planning another day so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to write a
to-do list for Wednesday Tuesday can
then dedicate that day to studying I can
make sure I get everything done I'm just
gonna write it to do this quick you know
so I'm gonna get started on doing not
week one but week two of my wiki prep
things what I'm doing is I'm reviewing
all of the wiki entries that I've put in
since the beginning of the course
because we're be encouraged to really
review them and batter them and make
sure that now that we've grown from any
other tasks know what we actually should
include so I'm going back not to number
one because number one doesn't require
as much work
I didn't read every resource we were
given so I'm going to go through and
read the ones I didn't read first the
first thing I'm going to do though is
just prefreshman the lecture note so I'm
just gonna read through those and also
the workshop notes it will be useful to
know what specifically we should be
focusing on gonna get my new up I do
mine on Google Drive makes me less
anxious that I'm going to lose
everything suddenly okay bye will past
and present I'm gonna set this one
you
okay so it's now 20 to 12 today hasn't
been really productive but I'm starting
to feel productive now so what I was
doing here is I was writing out all of
the things I needed to do for each of
the wiki's just read one and it took
ages so I'm really gonna have to step up
my game and maybe skimary the next
things I'm gonna read book is a lot of
these are books I'll need to get from
the library the next one I'm going to
read the Society of biblical lips and
what time is my lecture today it's at
12:30 till 1:30 and then I've got two
hours and then I've got the seminar from
3:30 to 4:30 and then I'm getting a
train at 5:00 so I need to pack and I'm
gonna come back for those two hours to
my room because I'm so tired maybe I've
just haven't been getting enough sleep
this week it's just really kind of them
why neither's this vlog I'm gonna make
some lunch now and then I'm gonna get
back to reading this okay here is my
lunch it looks very very good and I'm
eating about early I'm literally eating
about 12:00 so I just toasted a wrap so
that it's really crunchy and then I've
got some of this which I just made kind
of just because I had some chickpea
water so I just combined it with some
flour and salt and nutritional yeast and
as you tastes quite nice for a wrap I
think and then I just um boiled up some
leeks and tomatoes and I made this it's
kind of like a tapenade I made it last
night but it's happen olives spinach and
lentils because I had stuff left over
and then I just chopped up some red
pepper and some avocado and I've got a
veggie quinoa burger cooking as well as
of breath because I ran up the stairs
but I am back from my lecture which was
evidence and arguments my lecture
finished at 125 and then on the way back
to my accommodation I decided to just
pop by the Student Health Center which
is on my walk back I booked an
appointment for next Thursday because
I've been feeling quite under the red
recently
I just wanted to make sure that it's
nothing to worry about it's always
better to be safe than sorry
[Music]
[Applause]
okay my lecture starts quite soon it's
cool two to three now so I'm going to be
leaving in quarter for an hour
at the moment I'm just quickly packing
all of my stuff up for the weekend so
I'm bringing my Kankan and I'm also
bringing this canvas bag and yeah I just
need to put everything away um one thing
which I just wanted to quickly say as
well because I know that I started off
this video about motivation lack of
motivation so a few other things that
you could do would be having a shower I
know it sounds really silly but
sometimes bathing actually just provides
this sudden wake up sometimes if I'm not
feeling as motivated as maybe I could be
feeling and I'm planning on having a
shower later or and I kind of I and I
didn't have one in the morning as soon
as I wake up then I will just shower it
just it makes it feel like it's the
beginning of the day again you feel like
you have everything ahead of you you can
kind of mull over what you're going to
do and you can plan out what you're
going to do whilst you're in the showers
another thing you could do is go outside
just to get some fresh air because again
it just refreshes your body you could
have a large glass of water or water
bottle another thing that you could do
on one thing that I do when I'm not
feeling motivated is sometimes I will
watch a study with me and I will leave a
few channels linked down below that I
really love to watch that I find really
motivating so if I'm not feeling
productive I might watch one of these
people's videos the really you have to
be really really careful with this so if
you don't because you can only watch one
pretty much or put on a timer for five
or ten minutes and using a timer is
really really important because it's so
easy to get distracted on what this next
watch this next and then you end up
feeling way lapse productive so one or
two videos is fine but any more than
that is could be quite detrimental to
the rest of your day I've actually got
to pee a bit on my website which talks a
bit about this so definitely head over
to that I'll leave that link down below
to you if you want to have a look
another thing that I just put down
simply is to read because sometimes when
I read favorite books characters that
make me that really inspire me I'm more
inspired to actually get down and do
some work so I
like a little princess I like Harry
Potter really simple easy books to get
into but at the same time they just give
you that boost of motivation that you
need I find that a feeling of
contentment comes when I'm motivated but
I'm productive it's quite a steady thing
if that makes sense and one thing which
I might do is write a letter because it
just makes me feel much calmer much more
content and so I'm in a better frame of
mind to start studying because you
shouldn't start studying when you're
stressed because it's not gonna be
productive you're not gonna feel
motivated well at least I do okay let's
pack
I haven't been even wearing my
Gryffindor stuff I brought it with but I
just have walnuts it's like got here so
I'm going to wear that on the way back
just check and see if his and I brought
that as well for Halloween and I never
put it up as decoration this was from a
fool you say it's currently about well
sixteen minutes past 4:00 and so I'm
just heading to the station now okay so
I have just met Megan and jasmine we
were just talking about how excited we
are yes it we're just hoping that you
have an amazing weekend